Some good results presented and some good aspects of the report. The structure of the report is confusing, we each topic being covered twice in section 3. 

16/25

It is unusual to use a lower case delta to describe partial derivatives (your equation 1). Is this just a latex issue? You need to use \partial.

Equation 4 for CTCS is not correct.

It appears that you have re-arranged the formula for Lax-Wendroff (equation 5) to reduce computational cost. However this re-arrangement means that you can no longer see that this formula solves the linear advection equation whereas equations 3 and 4 clearly show that the solution changes in time based on the Courant number and based on gradients in phi. 

At the bottom of page 3, it is not clear what you mean by "a step of 50". 

You should present raw results of the schemes before you present summary diagnostics as in figure 1.

You should you a log-scale in figure 1 rather than taking logarithms of each axis. 

The order of accuracy is not obvious from figure 1. 

For figure 1, what specific values of nt and nx do you use between 50 and 500. 

How did you estimate the order close to 1.7?

In section 3.1.2, how did you estimate the computational cost?

It would be interesting to know the values and units on the y-axis of figure 2.

Not enough description is given introducing figure 3. The experimental design needs to be spelled out in the text, not just in the figure body. 

You are investigating order of accuracy in section 3.1.1 and in section 3.2. 

In section 3.2, dispersion errors should be allowed to affect the error. 

OK, it seems that you are discussing each property twice. I have now come to "Computational cost" again in section 3.3, with more information. 

You may decide that sensitivity to initial conditions is not interesting but you cannot omit initial conditions all together. How else will your simulation start?

Good idea to look at how the cost scales with resolution. This is particularly relevant when comparing high and low order schemes.

For Lax-Wendroff, the oscillations are behind, not ahead of, the discontinuity. 

You conclude that CNCS has the useful property of unconditional stability but you have not presented results to back up this conclusion. 

The conclusions is not the right place to define the initial conditions.

